OCPBUGS-73774: Moved Allocating Load Balancers to Specific Subnets cl… (#105590)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_aws/ipi/installing-aws-vpc.adoc

include::modules/installation-applying-aws-security-groups.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Allocating Load Balancers to Specific Subnets
include::modules/allocating-load-balancers.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Allocating API and Ingress Load Balancers to Specific Subnets on AWS
include::modules/nw-allocating-load-balancers-to-subnets.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Specifying AWS Subnets for OpenShift Ingress Load Balancers at Installation

> include::modules/nw-allocate-load-balancers-to-subnets-procedure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer: Since these were previously nested in the assembly that you have converted to the new module above, should they be offset from that level by 1 to preserve hierarchy?
```suggestion
// Allocating API and Ingress Load Balancers to Specific Subnets on AWS
include::modules/nw-allocating-load-balancers-to-subnets.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

// Specifying AWS Subnets for OpenShift Ingress Load Balancers at Installation
include::modules/nw-allocate-load-balancers-to-subnets-procedure.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
```
